# Motivation quotes

You don't get what you wish for. You get what you work for. – Daniel Milstein

There is no elevator to success, you have to take the stairs. – Zig Ziglar

Don't give up. Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door. – Paulo Coelho

A winner is a dreamer who never gives up. – Nelson Mandela

Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety. – Rose Kennedy

You never know what you can do until you try. – William Cobbett

Don't just think, do. – Horace

Do the best you can. No one can do more than that. – John Wooden

There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley

For success attitude is equally important as ability. – Harry F.Bank

I can and I will. Watch me. – Carrie Green

To master a new technology, you will have to play with it. – Jordan Peterson

Regret for the time wasted can become a power of good in the time that remains. – Arthur Brisbane

Losers visualize the penalties of failure, Winners visualize the rewards of success. – Dr.Rob Gilbert

Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. – Theodore N. Vail

The most important thing to do in solving a problem is to begin. – Frank Tyger

The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit. – Morgan Freeman

Focus on the outcome not the obstacle. – Unknown

The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well. – John D. Rockefeller

There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. – Christopher Morley

You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending. – C.S. Lewis

If you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough. – Albert Einstein

You don't get what you wish for. You get what you work for. – Daniel Milstein

You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and falling over. – Richard Branson

Be not in despair, the way is very difficult, like walking on the edge of a razor; yet despair not, arise, awake, and find the ideal, the goal. – Swami Vivekananda
