Our Golang application is NOT Secure unless…

you are implementing best security practices during its development

Here's a must-follow list 👇

↳ Input Validation & Sanitization: Trust no one and validate all user inputs to prevent SQL injection, XSS (Cross-Site Scripting), and command injection, and ONLY accept what is necessary. (e.g. Govalidator)

↳ Authentication: Implement strong authentication mechanisms to ensure that only authorized users can access sensitive resources.

↳ Authorization: Only authorized users should be able to access resources permitted by their roles.

↳ TLS/SSL: Use HTTPS to keep your data safe when it's sent between devices and servers by encrypting it. You can use a short Golang code for Letsencrypt which will take care of SSL certificates without much effort.

↳ Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) Protection: To prevent CSRF attacks and ensure that requests originate from trusted sources, implement CSRF tokens.

↳ Dependency Scanning: To avoid any risk/vulnerabilities associated with third-party libraries always scan dependencies and fix them.

↳ Password Storage: Hash and salt passwords securely using strong cryptographic hashing algorithms (e.g. bcrypt)

↳ Secure Configuration: Ensure that the application, server, and third-party libraries are configured securely, following best practices such as disabling unnecessary services, using secure defaults, and configuring appropriate security headers.

↳ Session Management: Implement secure session management techniques to prevent session fixation, session hijacking, and session replay attacks.

↳Error Handling: Implement proper error handling to avoid leaking sensitive information in error messages and logs.

↳ Security Audits and Penetration Testing: Conduct regular security audits and penetration tests to identify and fix security weaknesses and vulnerabilities.

↳ Secure Deployment: Securely configure servers and environments where the application is deployed, including proper firewall configurations with restricted access controls.

Following practics will make your Golang application secure. However, along with it, every application needs its own extra security steps depending on its nature/domain.

Tell me in the comments what Security Practices do you follow/missing?
